Really true, people like him
Can make small conflicts kill people
Even you and your mother were almost implicated
People like him
Don't you understand whether you deserve to be a woman or not?
Who the hell didn't understand?
Mom, you've been prejudiced against Dad all these years
You'd rather believe this big talker
I never tried to trust my father
Zhenzhen
What are you saying?
Have you been deceived too?
Think about how your leg is disabled.
How did my leg become disabled?
I know better than you
I know better than any of you.
If it weren't for the fact that Dad killed the siege
Carry me away
I'm already dead
You saw the scar on Dad's body
Where did these scars come from?
It's for me.
You always ask what dad did for this family
What have you paid?
He sacrificed his life
What about you? What have you done?